Day 2: Proving myself.
Although it seems that the stegosaurs trust me,
for some unknown reason I feel a certain
unease.
I have no clue what could be causing this.
So I must prove myself.
These beasts are capable of caving
my skull in if they so choose, so
I must act with the utmost caution.
Every little decision I make
could mean life or death.
The only way to do this is to act as a...
sort of...
pest control.
The #1 enemy of the Stegosaurus
is the car--
hmm >:/
well...
its other stegosaurs.
But!
The carnotaurus can be considered
#2.
If there's anything a carno fears,
it's a stego.
But I'm a close second!
With my ever-increasing tenacity,
sheer will,
and clinical insanity
I drove off the pest!